delegation clarfications (#19)
radicle-dev/radicle-governance: manual.md

- Another user's wallet, if they would like the other user to vote on their behalf.
- No wallet, if they don't want to vote.

> Delegation takes place on-chain on various governance management platforms (e.g. via [Boardroom](https://boardroom.io/radicle/proposals) or [Tally](https://www.tally.xyz/gov/eip155:1:0x690e775361AD66D1c4A25d89da9fCd639F5198eD)). After connecting a wallet holding RAD, you are then able to delegate to either yourself or others. If you are delegating to yourself, after the delegation process is complete you are able to participate in on-chain voting. If you are delegating to others, they will received the amount you delegate as voting power to participate in on-chain voting. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To participate in off-chain and on-chain voting, you have to first delegate the voting weight of your RAD. This can be done via various governance management platforms (e.g. [Boardroom](https://boardroom.io/radicle/proposals) or [Tally](https://www.tally.xyz/gov/eip155:1:0x690e775361AD66D1c4A25d89da9fCd639F5198eD)). After connecting your wallet to one of these platforms, you can choose to delegate the voting weight held in that wallet to either yourself or another address. Once delegation is completed, the voting weight of the RAD can be used to vote.
```

Reviewer: tried to make this sentence a bit clearer.

> ℹ️ Any delegation made on-chain will be mirrored to Snapshot for off-chain votes - i.e. any $RAD that is delegated to your wallet on-chain will be able to be able to be used to vote in off-chain Snapshot polls.

> > In order to utilize delegated voting power in a vote, delegation needs to take place before the vote goes live. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In order to utilize delegated voting power in a vote, delegation needs to take place *before* the vote goes live. 
```

Author: Looks good Abbey! Committed changes. Please review so I can commit
